---
title: During the coronavirus lockdown I'm nostalgic for people watching in Hull
date: 2020-04-01 00:00:00 Z
published: false
categories:
- hull
- coronavirus
description: As we endure the corona virus lockdown I'm nostalgic for the art of people
  watching in Hull
h1: Header should not be the same as title
introduction: With the city of Hull closed in the wake of the corona virus pandemic,
  are we nostalgic for the pleasures of city life?
image: https://res.cloudinary.com/dtn9ari2r/image/upload/v1585740487/blog/2017-11-27_12-48-51_016.jpg
alt-image: People watching in Hull
layout: post-quick
---

As the coronavirus lockdown continues may of us are feeling the stress from not being able to visit the public places we enjoy. Many of us in East Yorkshire are already nostalgic for the bustle of the city of Hull. So with that in mind, here are my reflections on the art of people watching in the city.

First off you need to accessorise yourself for people watching. Ideal accessories are coffee and cake. Fortunately Hull is well provided with places which can provide this in a comfortable setting by next to a window.

{% include image.html url="/images/bird.jpg" description="Bird" %}

For people watchers the ideal cafe must be well located. There is not much point in visiting a cafe where you cannot see anything. Of course what you want to see depends on yourself. For example in Italian cafes I visited in Rome, Florence and Venice I saw more tourists than anything else. It is funny how tourists look and behave similarly, with their glazed 'Oh no not more history' look, their over-specced cameras and pointless hats.

In Hull you might see more tourists than you expect especially around places such as the Ferens Gallery and Maritime Museum. But in other places you'll see fewer tourists. For me the people watching fascination is with the people of Hull themselves. 

{% include image.html url="/images/bird.jpg" description="Bird" %}
